OSDOCS-16945#CQA work Stor1 - understanding persistent storage (#114120)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/storage-persistent-storage-selinuxChangePolicy.adoc

endif::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa,openshift-rosa-hcp[]
and {rh-storage-first}. For third-party drivers, contact your storage vendor.

[id="using_selinuxChangePolicy_overview-mount-option-rwo-rwx_{context}"]
== RWO and RWX and SELinux mount option
ReadWriteOnce (RWO) and ReadWriteMany (RWX) volumes use recursive relabeling by default.

[IMPORTANT]
====
In a future {product-title} version, RWO and RWX volumes will use *mount option by default*.
====

> 

Reviewer: Are lines 38 - 40 new? If so, do they need QE review?

> To assist you with the upcoming move to the mount option default, {product-title} 4.20 reports SELinux-related conflicts when creating pods, and on running pods, to make you aware of potential conflicts, and to help you resolve them. For more information about this reporting, see "SELinux-related conflicts Knowledge Base article".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To assist you with the upcoming move to the mount option default, {product-title} 4.20 reports SELinux-related conflicts when creating pods, and on running pods, to make you aware of potential conflicts, and to help you resolve them. For more information about this reporting, see the Red{nbsp}Hat Knowledgebase article "OpenShift reports SELinux-related conflicts when creating Pods".
```
